<p>INTRODUCTION TO C#
Do you want to become productive with C#? This beginner area is the perfect place to start. These C# tutorials are designed to give you everything you need to become a productive C# developer. By the end of this section, you’ll have a firm understanding of the C# language and valuable insights on how things work under the hood.</p>



<p>C# THE BIG PICTURE
C# is one of the most widely used programming languages for modern software development; combining the resilience and safety typical of managed languages with the speed and performance of natively compiled languages. In this course, C#: The Big Picture, you'll gain the ability to understand C#'s role in modern software development, evaluate whether C# is the right language for your needs, and kick start your journey to C# fluency. First, you'll discover the key characteristics of C# that make it one of the top 5 most popular programming languages in the world today. Next, you'll explore the incredible power of managed execution in .NET using C#, and gain a critical understanding of the relationship between C#, the .NET runtime, and the .NET base class libraries. Finally, you'll become acquainted with some of the syntax of C#, its pattern of evolution over time, and what to expect moving forward if you invest in further study. When you're finished with this course, you'll know enough about C# and .NET to know whether C# is the right language for you, understand critical context required to work with C# developers or continue your own journey to C# mastery, and know what to expect as C# continues to evolve in the future.</p>
